# DungeonCrawler-OOP
This is the Dungeon Crawler game I made in my first semester rebuilt with object oriented programming. The first game was made in python using dictionaries for everything. In this game for this semester we learned to do the same thing with classes in object oriented style.

There are some rough edges. First of which is the terminal window, with mine I have to reduce font size 4 times to properly load the dungeon. If you load in the dungeon and get phantom walls and can walk through walls then the size of your text is wrong. Me and my professor tried a few different options and none seem to work. This can be fixed I'm sure I just didn't have the time in class to troubleshoot any further.

Next, this class was to teach me how to use OOP and not how to make games, it just turns out my professor is a gamer and finds coding a rogue like sufficient for teaching all the OOP goodies. That said the final boss fight was done with a day or so left to deadline and we didn't cover pygame, so it is Janky. Please ignore the jank and enjoy the game. I may fix this at a later date.

The features and combat are not balanced and you start with a bunch of potions which was for testing these features. This wasn't meant to be an epic game but a passing grade so I didn't put the effort into strong mechanic I focused on learning and having my prerequisites in working order. Feature creep was a real issue with this game, as this was one of six classes I had a set amount to officially complete, some extra credit options and autonamy in my designs so there was a lot. I chose to do what I could get done and I threw in as much as possible. 

I don't think I described the icons anywhere in the game so I shall do so here, sorry. The @ is the player, The Y or antenna looking icon is the crystal or key, the icon that looks like a doorway is the boss gate you need the crystal to open it. Monsters include R rat, Z zombie, Y Mimic (have fun with that) and S slime. If the crystal icon is not in the dungeon a monster has it. Which one? I have no idea kill em all. Once the boss is beaten and the dungeon cleared a new dungeon will generate and you can continue. The idea was to have random bosses generate and have a bounty system as well, but I only had time to make one. So it's still a troll just a different one. Also you can't kill slimes they just make goopy noises, have fun with that as well.
